docs: add "Developing" guides for YAML Patch and CDK overrides (#4678)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/developing/overrides/cdk.md

# CDK Overrides

{% include 'overrides-intro.md' %}

## When should I use CDK overrides over YAML patch?

Both options are a "break the glass" mechanism to access and configure functionality that is not surfaced by Copilot [manifests](../../manifest/overview.en.md).

We recommend using the AWS Cloud Development Kit (CDK) overrides over [YAML patches](./yamlpatch.md) if you'd like to leverage

> the expressive power of a programming language. The CDK allows you to add safe and powerful modifications to your CloudFormation template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the expressive power of a programming language. The CDK allows you to make safe and powerful modifications to your CloudFormation template.
```

## How to get started

You can extend your CloudFormation template with the CDK by running the `copilot [noun] override` command.
For example, you can run `copilot svc override` to update the template of a Load Balanced Web Service.

The command will generate a new CDK application under the `copilot/[name]/override` directory with the following structure:
```console
.
├── bin/
│   └── override.ts
├── .gitignore
├── cdk.json
├── package.json
├── README.md
├── stack.ts
└── tsconfig.json
```

You can get started by editing the `stack.ts` file. For example, if you decided to override the ECS service properties

> when running `copilot svc override`, the following `stack.ts` file will be generated for you to modify:

Reviewer 2: nit
```suggestion
with `copilot svc override`, the following `stack.ts` file will be generated for you to modify:
```

```typescript
import * as cdk from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { aws_ecs as ecs } from 'aws-cdk-lib';

export class TransformedStack extends cdk.Stack {
    constructor (scope: cdk.App, id: string, props?: cdk.StackProps) {
        super(scope, id, props);
         this.template = new cdk.cloudformation_include.CfnInclude(this, 'Template', {
            templateFile: path.join('.build', 'in.yaml'),
        });
        this.appName = template.getParameter('AppName').valueAsString;
        this.envName = template.getParameter('EnvName').valueAsString;

        this.transformService();
    }
 
    // TODO: implement me.
    transformService() {
      const service = this.template.getResource("Service") as ecs.CfnService;
      throw new error("not implemented");
    }
}
```

## How does it work?

> As can be seen in the above `stack.ts` file, Copilot will use the [clouformation_include module](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.cloudformation_include-readme.html) 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As can be seen in the above `stack.ts` file, Copilot will use the [cloudformation_include module](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/aws-cdk-lib.cloudformation_include-readme.html) 
```

Reviewer 2: good catch!

provided by the CDK to help author transformations. This library is the CDK’s [recommendation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/use_cfn_template.html) from their 

> "Import or migrate an existing AWS CloudFormation template" guide. It enables accessing the resources not surfaced by the Copilot manifest as 

Reviewer: maybe move the link to the `["Import or migrate..."](link)`

> "Import or migrate an existing AWS CloudFormation template" guide. It enables accessing the resources hidden by the Copilot manifest as 

Reviewer 2: this (or something similar) maybe makes Copilot sound less devious?
```suggestion
"Import or migrate an existing AWS CloudFormation template" guide. It enables accessing the resources not surfaced by the Copilot manifest as 
```

> [L1 constructs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/constructs.html) and ensures the CDK retains the resources on synthesis.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[L1 constructs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/constructs.html) and ensures that the CDK retains the resources on synthesis.  
```

> [L1 constructs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/constructs.html) and ensures that the CDK retains the resources on synthesis.  

Reviewer: > ensures that the CDK retains the resources on synthesis

what does this mean 🥺

Author: Removed! Didn't mean to scare anyone haha, it was more internal knowledge. It didn't mean anything important, just that everything defined in the CFN template would be mapped properly as an L1 CDK construct

The `CfnInclude` object is initialized from the hidden `.build/in.yaml` CloudFormation template. 

> This is how Copilot and the CDK communicates. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is how Copilot and the CDK communicate. 
```

> Copilot writes the manifest generated CloudFormation template under the `.build/` directory, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Copilot writes the manifest-generated CloudFormation template under the `.build/` directory, 
```

which then gets parsed by the `cloudformation_include` library into a CDK construct.

> Every time you run `copilot [noun] package` or `copilot [noun] deploy`, Copilot first will generate the CloudFormation template 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every time you run `copilot [noun] package` or `copilot [noun] deploy`, Copilot will first generate the CloudFormation template 
```

> from the manifest file and then pass it down to your CDK application to override properties.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
from the manifest file, and then pass it down to your CDK application to override properties.
```

We highly recommend using the `--diff` flag with the `package` or `deploy` command to first visualize your CDK changes before a deployment.

## Examples

The following example modifies the [`nlb`](../../manifest/lb-web-service.en.md#nlb) resource of a Load Balanced Web Service to
assign Elastic IP addresses to the Network Load Balancer.

In this example, you can view how:

- A resource property can be deleted.
- New resources can be created.

> - Modify the property of an existing resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, you can view how to:

- Delete a resource property
- Create new resources
- Modify a property of an existing resource
```

            });
            this.appName = props.appName;
            this.envName = props.envName;
            this.transformPublicNetworkLoadBalancer();
        }
    
        /**
         * transformPublicNetworkLoadBalancer removes the "Subnets" properties from the NLB,
         * and adds a SubnetMappings with predefined elastic IP addresses.
         */
        transformPublicNetworkLoadBalancer() {
            const elasticIPs = [new ec2.CfnEIP(this, 'ElasticIP1'), new ec2.CfnEIP(this, 'ElasticIP2')];
            const publicSubnets = cdk.Fn.importValue(`${this.appName}-${this.envName}-PublicSubnets`);
    
            // Apply the override.
            const nlb = this.template.getResource("PublicNetworkLoadBalancer") as elbv2.CfnLoadBalancer;
            nlb.addDeletionOverride('Properties.Subnets');
            nlb.subnetMappings = [{
                allocationId: elasticIPs[0].attrAllocationId,
                subnetId: cdk.Fn.select(0, cdk.Fn.split(",", publicSubnets)),
            }, {
                allocationId: elasticIPs[1].attrAllocationId,
                subnetId: cdk.Fn.select(1, cdk.Fn.split(",", publicSubnets)),
            }]
        }
    }
    ```

> The following example showcases how you can add a property only for a particular environment, such as a production environment:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example showcases how you can add a property for only a particular environment, such as a production environment:
```
